After completing the assignment, be sure to push to Github and Heroku.
Please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application (e.g., Heroku):
https://rachelcse341nodejs.herokuapp.com/

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/rachelblock2/CSE341

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning.
- The products/shop work with CRUD methods.
- The cart/orders work as expected.
- The login/signup validation and the form validation validate correctly.
- The admin can add and delete products on their "account" as needed.

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
- The reset password field does not send an email to reset a password.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
- I would say the work of receiving responses back based on work done on the server.
Being able to send a request to the server to a specific function, and deal with the data that
is stored via MongoDB is so powerful to me. Being able to use and change data as needed in a 
clear, validated way is one of the most important parts of web development, so I even though
it was a challenge, it was very satisfying to receive data back correctly.

6. If you could change this assignment to be more effective or helpful, what would you change?
- I think if we went over the changes that were made in the assignment briefly in the middle of
the week, that would be helpful. Especially if a few questions were taken for explanation or
additional demonstration of the code. 

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
   1 - Some attempt was made
   2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
   3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
   4 - Meets requirements
 X  5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
- While I did struggle and needed a little help from the TA, I was able to add
an extra feature to the shop: choosing the quantity of the product BEFORE storing
it in the cart. This makes the website more user friendly as it is much quicker
to add multiple instances of a product. I also added a lot of CSS styling in order
to give the website a new theme and make it my own.